feat(core): lazy mappings will only synthesize if keys are unresolved (#15617)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/@aws-cdk/core/README.md

      us-east-2: US East (Ohio)
```

Mappings can also be synthesized "lazily"; lazy mappings will only render a "Mappings"
section in the synthesized CloudFormation template if some `findInMap` call is unable to
immediately return a concrete value due to one or both of the keys being unresolved tokens
(some value only available at deploy-time).

For example, the following code will not produce anything in the "Mappings" section. The

> call to `findInMap` will directly return `'US East (Ohio)'`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
call to `findInMap` will be able to resolve the value during synthesis and simply return `'US East (Ohio)'`.
```

```ts
const regionTable = new CfnMapping(this, 'RegionTable', {
  mapping: {
    regionName: {
      'us-east-1': 'US East (N. Virginia)',
      'us-east-2': 'US East (Ohio)',
    },
  },
  lazy: true,
});

> regionTable.findInMap('regionName', 'us-east-1');

Author: ah, yes, that would have been confusing

```

On the other hand, the following code will produce the "Mappings" section shown above,
since the second-level key is an unresolved token. The call to `findInMap` will return a
token that resolves to `{ Fn::FindInMap: [ 'RegionTable', 'regionName', { Ref: AWS::Region
} ] }`.

```ts
const regionTable = new CfnMapping(this, 'RegionTable', {
  mapping: {
    regionName: {
      'us-east-1': 'US East (N. Virginia)',
      'us-east-2': 'US East (Ohio)',
    },
  },
  lazy: true,

> });

Reviewer: There probably no need to repeat this
